Ayo X, let's do something for the ladies
I know we got a lot of ladies out here

Where the ladies at? {ladies go wild}
Aight let's do it
{Blackout beat plays for a second}
{How's It Goin' Down begins, ladies go wild again}
What type of games is being played, how's it going down?
If it's on till it's gone, then I gots to know now
Is you wit me or what, they gon try to give me a nutt
Just honeys wanna give me the butt, wha..
{How's It Goin' Down turns off}
Where the ladies at?
Where the ladies are?
{How's It Goin' Down plays again}
Uh, what type of games is being played, how's it going down?
If it's on till it's gone, then I gots to know now
Is you wit me or what, they gon try to give me a nutt
Just honeys wanna give me the butt, wha..
I'm politicking with this trick and wondering if I'ma creep her
Little hoodrat bitch from 25th named Tenika
Coming through, like I do, you know
Getting my bark on
Knew she was a thug because when I met her she had a
(scarf on)
5411, size 7 in girls
Babyface, would look like she was 11 with curls
Girlfriend, (what?) remember me, from way back, I'm the same cat
With the wave cap- the motherfucker that tnt used to blaze at
Still here so it's all good
Oh you know my niggas Rich and them doing they thing on 35th Ave
(Man: It's a small hood), and it's all wood, so let me get that number
Hook it up, (aight)
Hit you on da track later on, say wassup
Talking to shorty made me wanna (Do something nice)
Looking at that ass made me wanna (Do something tonight)
And I know right when I see right, shorty looking like she tight
She bite, better give a nigga the green light, we might..

What type of games is being played, how's it going down?
If it's on till it's gone, then I (Gots to know now)
Is you wit me or what, they gon try to give me a nutt
Just honeys wanna give me the butt, wha..
What type of games is being played, (How's it going down?)
If it's on till it's gone, then I (Gots to know now)
Is you wit me or what, they gon try to give me a nutt
Just honeys wanna give me the butt, wha..

I'm getting at shorty like what you need, what you want
Offer nothing, cuz I got you, must you front?
I see you with your baby father but it don't matter
Since you gave me the pussy, (That ass is getting fatter)
Let that nigga play daddy, make moves with me
I'da kept it more than real boo, (Can't lose with me)
Heard he smacked you 'cuz you said my name while y'all was sexin'
Ran up on this cat, thought was me, and started flexin'
You know I ain't even with that
So he gon' have to get that just on tv
Try to creep me, (what?) Leave that nigga sleepy
On the strength of you, that's your kid's daddy
I ain't gon' send him on his way, put him up in that big caddy
But let him know
Never mind yo, I need you to go
Take this snow up to 150, see Joe
Get that, come back with that
We can split that, sit back
Fuck, puff a L, forget that
You wit dat?

What type of games is being played, (how's it going down?)
If it's on till it's gone, then I (Gots to know now)
Is you wit me or what, they gon try to give me a nutt
Just honeys wanna give me the butt, wha..


_______________
Name    Damien
Artist  DMX
Album   __unknown_album 
