Bone Thugs~N~Harmony
BTNHResurrection
Krayzie
(Panic time, bring your gun)

Get 'cha gun, get 'cha gun, did you kill 'em all… Fuck with (Fall to death,
death) the niggas with the guns and you might get shot (get shot).
Get 'cha gun, get 'cha gun, did you kill 'em all… You could (Fall to death,
death) be the first to feel the heat to see how much we got (we got) [*2]

I still be the thuggish ruggish, nigga. Dressed in all black khakis, fatigues,
and boots. Still don't give a fuck about the law. Still run with a pump in my
car and fuck who you are! You fuckin' with a couple of niggas that's really
insane. I'm talkin' loco, Krayzie as hell—it ain't just a name—It's the game.
We done loosened up a couple strings and shook a couple of screws loose in my
brain. Besides that, man ain't nothin' changed. Look at me now, I'm still a
thug, nigga I still smoke bud. (You know) You know I still represent St. Clair
wig-split, shit, nigga what? This is Bone Thug. Niggas thinkin' I told ya but
we put it down like that. And whoever we got to fuck up to prove that we do it,
and keep on movin'. Guess who's back up in the house? Original Cleveland
criminals niggas just send 'em subliminal messages like "Murda, Mo Murda
Murda!" Never forgot where we come from. Watch how you move your tongue. Cause
I got niggas that's ready to jump off in your ass and smash and crash. Protect
my niggas for
combat, Leather Face at 'cha and on your ass like I was a heat-seeker, quickly
the reaper peep you, sweep you off your feet in Cleveland.
Layzie
I be the smoothest lil' nigga, you can meet me (me). But nigga, you fuck with
me, then I'ma fuck with you. Introduce you to this heat. I sweep the street.
When I draw down, let me hear ya say "Fuck the Law!" now. Rawest niggas in the
town, ready to thug and go down. "Go pound for pound," nigga that's the motto.
Let me see you throw them things and if it's real, nigga, keep it real. Show me
your game. I'm sure gon' claim what the fuck is mine, my nigga I'll take it.
Grab a player-hater by the neck, choke him out and try to break it. Gimme your
money, drop them keys, it's a jack-move bitch! And since you haters ain't got
no business that's how we attack your shit. Nigga we'll smack your bitch in the
middle of the Grammy. And the media might ban me. Nigga this Mo Thug Family is
for real.

Krayzie
Get 'cha gun, get 'cha gun, did you kill 'em all… Fuck with (Fall to death,
death) the niggas with the guns and you might get shot (get shot).
Get 'cha gun, get 'cha gun, did you kill 'em all… You could (Fall to death,
death) be the first to feel the heat to see how much we got (we got) [*2]
Bizzy
Pull it up, sit up, get up and count up your money. 'Fore it all gets spent up.
And you wanna get rid of a hood bitch with game. And every bitch said I'm a
good bitch fuckin' with my wood grain. Everybody still playin' that hood game
quiet. (quiet, quiet, quiet) Especially when it's tired. My environment ain't
nothin' but niggas dyin' in them chemical-fed injections in Jasper, Texas.
Split up these niggas off in different sections. Don't hate my message. Destiny
led to mimic, chastity for my daughter. Wad up a nigga's sherm, and come listen
to the sermon. Swervin' in my Surburban, lick it up with the bottle. But
everybody know I got some problems. Had dreams of the Apollo. The fiends had
faith in me. Suckas wouldn't run. A nigga not insane. Niggas still with
me—Bone. Somehow they turn up. Run up and get your sign. Run blindly, elevate
through time, nowhere to hide.

Flesh
Our dawgs finna haul off lead, sawed-off head. Nigga, you drippin', soakin'
with bloodly body be beggin' me. You know what you should've capped like 2Pac
with a glock. They're deadly. Better not upset my thug mentality, sucka. You
know you done fucked up, don't you niggas? Runnin' up blastin' gas craters.
What the fuck you thought you saw with your head in the sky? Could it be a
bird, or maybe it's even a plane. For the untamed, insane human, only the 5th
Dawg. Fuck you thought, muthafuck fame, for the fact the shit is a phat game
goin' remain number one in the Land. Flesh, strangle the gang. Bang-bang, bang!
I dropped five guards in the name of the Lord, I say. Now how many times will I
have to slay today? Will I raise my guage? Oh God ! How will I teach 'cha, but
it's these tactics that he daily practice. They gonna let you. Don't have it?
Have it! Runnin' up you sons of bastards! Blast it! We sons of assassins, match
it, collecting more cash. That's true, you're feeling that, niggas said all my
babies ge
t a million. Struggle with a villian, hit ‘em with a venomous blow! I call on
my mighty archangel. Gonna surround my soul, but go with the calico yo! We the
tightest, you know Mo' the Mighty. Yes, trues humbly united. My family never
divided: Desperado, Thug Line, Mo Thug, Millennium, 7th Sign. For the FBI, you
wanna come test my Enterprise? Bitch, you better go think twice, and open up
your muthafuckin' eyes! These niggas can't fuck with the 5th Dawg, finna
parlay! Everyday stormin' your way, you better lay low, so you might just duck
when I buck guage! Can't you see my niggas having a ball all day. Since we
havin' a ball all day, muthafuckas player hate!
Krayzie
Get 'cha gun, get 'cha gun, did you kill 'em all… Fuck with (Fall to death,
death) the niggas with the guns and you might get shot (get shot).
Get 'cha gun, get 'cha gun, did you kill 'em all… You could (Fall to death,
death) be the first to feel the heat to see how much we got (we got) [*4]


_______________
Name    2 Glocks
Artist  Bone Thugs-N-Harmony
Album   __unknown_album 
